### 0.6.0

_Not Released Yet_

#### Overview

This update contains a major rework of the API to be fully compatible with
Gradle's configuration caching to be less likely to break on Gradle updates
ahead of the 1.0.0 release.

The API is considered to be mostly stable now is unlikely to change going
forward. `1.0.0` will follow once enough testing has been done and feedback is
gathered.

#### Improvements

- The plugin is now compatible with Gradle 8 (tested up to Gradle 8.5).
  - The minimum required version is Gradle 7.6.
- Implemented support for Gradle's configuration caching. [[GH-22](https://github.com/GW2ToolBelt/GW2ChatLinks/issues/22)]
- Refactored integration with mod toolchain plugins.
  - Multiple mod toolchains can now coexist in a single Gradle project.
  - By default, publications are created with reasonable defaults when mod toolchains are detected.
  - Inference can be disabled via Gradle properties.
- Improved documentation and added missing JavaDoc to all public functionality.
- Implemented reasonable defaults for changelog, release type and display name.
- Publications can now fully participate in incremental builds.

#### Breaking Changes

- Migrated from the `publishing` extension to a custom `curseforge` extension.
- Renamed `apiKey` property to `apiToken` for consistency with CurseForge.
- Unified the concept of artifacts and extra artifacts in the publication DSL.
  - The primary artifact for a publication must have the special name `main`.
- The changelog is now configured through a DSL instead of a plain Java object
  for greater flexibility and better support for incremental builds.